yo what's going on guys this is cod
floss and in this video I'm gonna be
sharing some information about grand
theft auto 6 and you guys may be like
whoa whoa whoa slow down GT 5 just came
out it's a year old and why are you
talking about GTA 6 now GT 6 is not even
in development nothing's really going on
nothing's confirmed but Rockstar has
some ideas that could be potentially in
it so I'm sharing this information with
you guys cuz I found it interesting so
guys do as well and if you do don't
forget to leave a like on the video and
with that said let's get started now
obviously before game developers make a
game they come up with ideas and the
first idea they want is a setting of the
game which is exactly what I'm gonna be
talking about in this video today the
setting of GTA 6 Rockstar has not yet
confirmed development on GTA 6 but they
have stated that they would like to
create one Grand Theft Auto game with
all previous cities from the series they
envision players being able to travel
back and forth to revisit places they
explored in the past games and all this
information is actually coming from an
interview with Digital Trends Rockstar
North Head Leslie Benzies and where the
information itself is coming from is an
IGN article which I'm gonna have link
down below
while GTA online was Rockstar Games
immediate focus following the release of
Grand Theft Auto 5 but the studio is
already considering possibilities for
gt86 they said we got about 45 years
worth of ideas we want to do according
to Rockstar president Leslie Benzies
we don't know what GTA 6 will be but we
got some ideas so one thing they did
mention and I stated earlier was just
this one huge map that we could play on
and revisit all the cities we did play
before now obviously this huge map would
only be able to be handled on the
next-generation consoles Xbox one and
PlayStation 4 another reason I do think
that is that Call of Duty games come out
with a brand new series every single
year but GT is much different they come
out with a brand new game every couple
of years because the development takes a
really long time
now with GT games come out usually
within four to six years I'm not really
sure you guys who let me know down the
comments below but by then the main
console is gonna be the Xbox one and
PlayStation 4 so I don't really see um
games being made on the agenda now I
imagine GT six being
from somewhere in 2016 or 2017 I'm not
sure but that's when we're actually
gonna get more information on it when
they're actually working on it Ben Z
said it's always a possibility that vice
city could be returning as a future
setting but he said that vice city the
game was more about its era than the
setting itself Miami in the 1980s would
be so ironic and strange feeling to
revisit the city in a different time
period another thing they did say is
that the setting would not be London
however they would love to make the game
set in the UK set in London but they
don't know if the game would be a GTA
game in London he thinks there plenty of
great stories they could tell in the UK
great environments to showcase great
gameplay mechanics that the UK could
bend to them I just don't think it would
be unnecessarily GTA game so they're
kind of doubting that the setting for a
GTA game could be in the UK I honestly
wouldn't mind I think would be something
new and awesome
but he did say that a setting in London
for the UK could be left to another game
that roxxor makes
now people are questioning why GTA's
don't have a lead female character and
this is what he said in the future could
we do a game with the lead female
character of course we just haven't
found the right game for it yet
but it's one of the things I would
always think about it doesn't feel
natural for this game but definitely for
the right game in the future with the
right themes it could be fantastic for
GT 5 this was an organic thing that came
up these are the characters I would
display themes we wanted to talk about
so obviously Franklin Michael and Trevor
with the perfect match so that is all
the information we do have on GTA 6 it's
very little and none of it is confirmed
you know they're just coming up with
ideas for the game and it's obviously
definitely too early for them to be
releasing anything even if they do have
something so let me know some ideas that
you guys would love to see in GTA 6 also
let me know what you guys think about
this huge map that would be in GTA 6 if
they even do decide putting it in if any
new information pops up on GTA 6 be sure
to let me know by leaving a like down
below and subscribe to my channel so you
guys never miss a future GTA video from
me it's been Cod flaws and I'm out peace
thanks for watching